Control import from Directory, improve README (#297)
samply/bridgehead: README.md

### Directory sync tool

> The Bridgehead's **Directory Sync** is an optional feature that keeps the Directory up to date with your local data, e.g. number of samples. Conversely, it can also update the local FHIR store with the latest contact details etc. from the Directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bridgehead's **Directory Sync** is an optional feature that keeps the BBMRI-ERIC Directory up to date with your local data, e.g. number of samples. Conversely, it can also update the local FHIR store with the latest contact details etc. from the  BBMRI-ERIC Directory.
```

You should talk with your local data protection group regarding the information that is published by Directory sync.

> To enable it, you will need to explicitly set the username and password variables for Directory login in the configuration file of your GitLab repository (e.g. ```bbmri.conf```). Here is an example minimal config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable it, you will need to explicitly set the username and password variables for BBMRI-ERIC Directory login in the configuration file of your GitLab repository (e.g. ```bbmri.conf```). Here is an example minimal config:
```

| DS_FHIR_STORE_URL                  | URL for FHIR store                                                                                                                                                   | http://bridgehead-bbmri-blaze:8080     |
| DS_TIMER_CRON                      | Execution interval for Directory sync, [cron](https://crontab.guru) format                                                                                           | 0 22 * * *                             |
| DS_IMPORT_BIOBANKS                 | Set to 'True' to import biobank metadata from Directory                                                                                                              | True                                  |
| DS_IMPORT_COLLECTIONS              | Set to 'True' to import collection metadata from Directory                                                                                                           | True                                  |

> Once you have finished editing the Gitlab config, the Bridgehead will autoupdate the config with the values and will sync data at regular intervals, using the time specified in DS_TIMER_CRON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have finished editing the config, the Bridgehead will autoupdate the config with the values and will sync data at regular intervals, using the time specified in DS_TIMER_CRON.
```
